Feature airflow dag (#3321)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/setup/hooks.md

| dag_id        | The DAG to trigger                                              | String                                                                                    | "example_dag"           | true     | no               |
| username      | The name of the Airflow user performing the request             | String                                                                                    | "admin"                 | true     | no               |
| password      | The password of the Airflow user performing the request         | String                                                                                    | "admin"                 | true     | yes              |
| dag_conf      | DAG run configuration that will be passed as is                 | JSON                                                                                      |                         | false    | no               |
| wait_for_dag  | Wait for DAG run to complete and reflect state (default: false) | Boolean                                                                                   |                         | false    | no               |

> | timeout       | Duration while waiting for DAG to complete (default: 1m)        | String (golang's [Duration](https://golang.org/pkg/time/#Duration.String) representation) |                         | false    | no               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| timeout       | Time to wait for the DAG run to complete (default: 1m)        | String (golang's [Duration](https://golang.org/pkg/time/#Duration.String) representation) |                         | false    | no               |
```
